hey guys welcome to part 2 of let's play
a legacy of goku I gained a couple of
levels so now we're ready to move on
without getting murdered by wolves most
likely and I accidentally walked into
that little house okay we want to go
this was not the way I wanted to go this
is a longer way but oh well it will
still get me to my destination
eventually and take that snake I don't
like you look crabs they're already dead
though because I killed them in my last
walk through this map and I'm not gonna
bother the wolf because the wolf will
just injure me and also it might be dead
I don't remember that way as we go from
Goku's secluded forest home to whenever
I get over there grass no not really to
hear more forests and icy rocks and we
can pick up rocks in fact I think I will
does he ever know when a big rock will
be handy there's one up here it's also a
dinosaur up there let's go talk to the
dinosaur hello dinosaur Oh her egg was
taken that's something a quest to me
anyways I saw another rock down here and
you'll see they use of these things
shortly good luck a little visit the guy
before I have all the rocks because the
last ones would they'll hike away I
don't feel like walking all the way over
there to see it but first wolves die
he's sleeping
but he's dead
died again yeah I'm actually not going
to go over there just now because the
thing that he's sensing will destroy me
but I might do it a little later because
it's worth a lot of experience and he
managed to kill it more wolves and
notice how the AI occasionally just kind
of sits there stupidly and doesn't do
anything that's to your benefit when it
happens anyways my reason for filling up
over here is look an old man who somehow
got stuck out in this island I have no
idea how this happened but he doesn't
want to be flown back so as you might
guess by the three dark spots there
we're going to use our stones there so
what can go but we only have two so for
now we're going to go this way and ouch
that really hurt anyways here we have
our inventory I'm going to use the ER
but to heal myself a little bit and make
a save States not to walk too far back
as we go up here and over e no not over
there
over here and another wolf okay hey get
off me there and over here we find
shouts ooh at TN we can talk to them
it's rather pointless conversation
because they won't actually do anything
but we get a lot of experience for no
reason just because we talked to them so
I'm going to do it we had 500 for both
and that's a ton of experience for right
now a little terrible these portraits
are I just can't get over that blah blah
blah blah talking talking blah blah blah
shut up none of this matters and we
level up which conveniently heals us no
he's continuing on this way
we have more wolves and I'm still
getting my ass handed to me and the last
Rock and up there you might have noticed
to the egg but we're going to go take
that but it is guarded by something that
will probably kill me that oh crap I
don't want to die die before me thank
you
anyways we take this egg and we have to
go all the way back the way we came
actually
oh you can't fly down there
that's one of them hardest things about
this game figuring out where you can and
can't go I wanted that herb it is I will
take this can i play this way no I can't
fly that way so this was a completely
pointless side trip it was like ouch I
think I just took damage cuz I couldn't
I tried to fly somewhere I can't go
thank you game that's just what I needed
anyways I'm just gonna do these two
quests on stop cuz this videos already
getting along and you can't run this is
as fast as you walk until you get speed
upgrades which you get from quests and
leveling up and certain other events
that may or may not happen they
definitely won't happen right now though
but we will eventually
do that there we go
thanks for the steppin zones yeah I'm
not sure either Goku anyways he gives us
herb as an experience and a speed
increase so now we are marginally faster
than a snail so now we go this way did
you do back over here to where the
pterodactyl was and let me deliver her
egg yes we found your egg and we get
more experience and now if we talk to
her again she gets really pissed off so
we're going to go away but anyways I've
done everything of interest on this
screen so I think it actually took me
about 10 minutes so I'm going to walk a
little closer to the exit and then that
is where we will stop this video next
time we will go somewhere completely new
and totally not another forest screen
because why would I do that to you if I
can figure out how you get out of here
which I may not be able to do because
this game is terrible but that's okay
because I play terrible games for fun
because I have deep-rooted issues
yeah I can't figure out where to go so
I'm gonna just stop it here and by next
time I will have figured out where I'm
supposed to go later